Correct asset variant documentation (#8710)
flutter/website: src/ui/assets-and-images.md

```

{{site.alert.note}}

>  Only files located directly in the directory are included
>   (see [Resolution-aware image assets](#resolution-aware) for
>   an exception). To add files located in subdirectories, create an entry per directory.

Reviewer: **issue:** Remove parenthetical.
```suggestion
 This only includes files located in the directory.
  To make an exception, check out [Resolution-aware image assets](#resolution-aware).
  To add files located in subdirectories, create one entry per directory.
```

Author: Addressed with commit [88b87f1](https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/8710/commits/88b87f1369ecfc3b2b08fe87d4054937df2cc065)

### Loading images

To load an image, use the [`AssetImage`][]
class in a widget's `build()` method.

> For example, your app can load the background
> image from the asset declarations above:

Reviewer: **issue:** Don't use above per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#above).
```suggestion
For example, your app can load the background
image from the previous asset declarations:
```

Author: Addressed with commits [fix image asset loading example](https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/8710/commits/92306970835201e0ce8fd2e33c746a1b40616438) and [update BackgroundImage docregion](https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/8710/commits/fae0b3c8a3eca2feb98e60928d7875e30704e639)

<?code-excerpt "main.dart (BackgroundImage)"?>
```dart
return const Image(image: AssetImage('graphics/background.png'));
```

### Resolution-aware image assets {#resolution-aware}

Flutter can load resolution-appropriate images for
the current [device pixel ratio][].

> Specifically, [`AssetImage`][] understands how to map a logical requested
> asset onto one that most closely matches the current
> [device pixel ratio][].

Reviewer: **nit:** Remove the adverb. It adds nothing to the understanding. Not sure if `AssetImage` can "understand", but that's a minor point.
```suggestion
[`AssetImage`][] understands how to map a logical requested
asset onto one that most closely matches the current
[device pixel ratio][].
```

Author: Addressed with commit [remove anthropomorphism of class and adverb](https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/8710/commits/754dc833c7eb3a5a5ad1133a49bc47732436eb73)

> In order for this mapping to work, assets should be arranged

Reviewer: **nit:** `In order for` and `For` mean the same thing. Reduce the clutter.
```suggestion
For this mapping to work, assets should be arranged
```

but they both render into 72px by 72px (in logical pixels),
if width and height are not specified.

{{site.alert.note}}

>   [Device pixel ratio][] depends on [MediaQueryData.size][] which requires to have either a [MaterialApp][] or [CupertinoApp][] as an ancestor of your [`AssetImage`][].

Reviewer: **Issue:** Use [semantic breaks](https://sembr.org/).
```suggestion
  [Device pixel ratio][] depends on [MediaQueryData.size][].
  This requires to have either a [MaterialApp][] or [CupertinoApp][] as an ancestor of your [`AssetImage`][].
```

{{site.alert.end}}

#### Bundling of resolution-aware image assets {#resolution-aware-bundling}

> Only the main asset (or its parent directory) needs
> to specified in the assets section of `pubspec.yaml`; the
> variants will be bundled automatically. Each entry

Reviewer: **issue:** Write as shorter sentences per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/accessibility#ease-of-reading).
```suggestion
You only need to specify the main asset or its parent directory
in the `assets` section of `pubspec.yaml`.
Flutter bundles the variants for you.
Each entry
```
